Replace cdh with Collaborative Lesson Development Training (#1685)
carpentries/instructor-training: episodes/15-carpentries.md

Any lesson that uses The Carpentries [lesson template][lesson-template],
follows our [Code of Conduct][coc], and is licensed either [CC-BY][cc-by] or [CC-0][cc-0]
can be hosted in The Carpentries Incubator.

> Another resource, [The Carpentries Curriculum Development Handbook][cdh], provides a guide to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another resource, [the Collaborative Lesson Development Training curriculum][cld], provides a guide to
```
